hey youtube its macro salir here I have
another quick review for you I'm going
to try to make it quick and I have at
the speck CandyShell grip this is
actually a really great case for iPhone
5 if you want some with a little bit
more protection that still keeps the
thin profile also you have the candy
shell regular speck case I'm just gonna
do a quick side-by-side comparison here
and but really remember taking a look at
the grip I'm gonna go ahead and show you
around the box here so inside we have
the case I see has ultra protection so
it's gonna be one of the best ones you
can get from speck that has the most
protection finger pad for the control on
the back kind of shell grip for the new
iPhone and on the back has a little
description up here a hard shell with
the soft interior as you probably know
already kind of has that silicone on the
inside and it has on the outside nice
thing about the new speck CandyShell
grip is that the silicone on the outside
is not just one solid piece of silicone
like the old cases it's broken up into
strips and it's not nearly as sticky so
it's more manageable to get in and out
of the pocket let's go ahead and take
this out okay and if you take it and
compare it to the candy shell spec case
here notice immediately how this one has
the rubber on the out or the so come on
the back and this one does not when you
compare them side-by-side the profile
the candy the regular candy shell is
quite a bit thicker you can see because
of the edge here where it's a little bit
more sharp edged the candy shell grip is
gonna be more rounded so it feels better
on the hand feels better on the bottom
down here as well when you're holding
the case it's just gonna make it feel a
lot thinner the inside is the same
material but this the candy shell is
gonna have the little dots here which if
you have dirt inside the case sometimes
can leave marks on your iPhone so be
careful with that the regular candy
shell has this raised edge around so it
has a little lay on the table design so
does the CandyShell grip the difference
is that it has a little bit of a break
here so the bottom part is gonna be
raised up until here and then it drops
down all the way up here to the top and
this is supposed to be for gaming or
texting so that way if you're you know
swiping a lot or doing whatever that's
not gonna get anyway that
one reason why I really enjoyed this one
better than the regular Kennedy shell on
the back as well you're gonna notice
that we have these little strips here
this is what we're gonna use for comfort
and they keep the grip this is why they
call it the grip Sam reinforced edges
all around you know openings for your
sleep-wake function your volume rocker
which has really the next nice tactile
feel to it
the other big complaint that a tray has
with this is that it scratches up very
easily you can see all my scratches
there and I've only had this candy shell
for about two weeks using it on and off
I haven't even used it every day so
that's a bummer about these I really
hate that it does that but if you don't
want to get the scratches then I'd say
don't get this case because you should
go with something like encase metallic
slider or something like that so let's
go ahead and pop this in here we have
the iPhone 5 here yeah okay so we're
gonna go ahead and pop it in here always
go buttons first okay popping our button
so they're all the way in push it down a
little bit caulk is in the corner in the
corner make sure we're all nice and okay
we're in so now with this case it
actually feels like you're what like you
have a really thin thin case on you can
you see the profile here it doesn't
really hinder you know any kind of
movement that you would normally have
this it's not like an otterbox or
anything like that
on the bottom we have openings for our
cutouts we have our cutouts for our
ports here we'd have our headphone
cutout our lightning connector and then
our speaker grille is covered which is
fine because actually it feels better
when you're holding it I usually hold my
phone like this with my pinkie holding
the phone up and it actually feels
really good and when I'm texting if I'm
texting like this it feels so thin and I
don't know how they did it I think it's
just because they have the curved
texture here and it just feels really
really nice I don't have any problem
getting in and out my pocket I thought
that with these strips Atwood and what's
funny is with with the white and the
blue the white doesn't show nearly as
many scratches as the dark color okay so
if you go with like a a dark blue or
black it's gonna show a lot of the
scratches much easier with this you also
have less
to scratch has a really cool design it's
kind of unique everybody has this case
because they sell it at Apple okay and
everybody at servers go to case so this
is something a little different it not
everybody has the cutout here is gonna
be really nice and close not like the
adopted cases or some of the others or
the Belkin where that has huge cut up
now because everybody's afraid of that
flash ring so it has a ring around here
so you don't worry about that
really nice tactile feedback on that
clicker you can kind of hear that
there's my hipster cat so basically
overall if I was give us a rating out of
about 10 I'd say it's about 8.5 I think
it's really really nice it's really
solid I've noticed that sometimes the
color can kind of deteriorate from this
edge here based on how much you're using
it so that's a negative also think I
could have put a little less of the
silicone on the back it doesn't have to
be quite so extensive maybe half of this
amount on each side that PI would have
been enough I think that with so much on
there it can sometimes feel a little
distracting but overall the what they're
going for here is this is a gaming case
so if you're holding your phone like
this or you're texting a lot or you know
playing a game or whatever you're doing
it's suppose to be able to give you that
grip when you're holding on to it so
that way it makes it feel really nice
overall I would definitely say go with
the CandyShell grip over the candy shop
I've tried them both out for a few weeks
and I really think that they nailed it
with a candy ship growth which
CandyShell grip this time I think it's a
much better buy I think it's a better
fit for me also when I hold this case it
feels slippery in the back and that's
the entire reason why you would go
something like this
alright guys if you have any other
questions if I missed anything please
hit me up let me know thanks again for
watching and I will talk to you guys
soon thanks